I don't think I'll ever be able to roll
a little green man in on a silver
platter for anyone. But what I can do is
I can present you with evidence that we
have seen, and I can also tell you what
we've been up against.
>> Representative Anna Paulina Luna,
welcome to Interesting Times.
>> Thanks for having me on.
>> So I'm excited to talk to you first of
all because I think you're a unique kind
of political troublemaker. You are a
conservative Republican who's been in
the House of Representatives for less
than 4 years, and in that time, in a
very polarized environment, you've
managed to make plenty of trouble for
your own leadership and your own party,
as well as for the Democrats.
>> I think that this is just the bare
minimum that we can deliver for the
American people is not tolerate public
corruption in the House of
Representatives.
>> And then second,
I think that you embody a really
important tendency in American
conservatism right now, which is the
sense that American institutions,
institutions of government especially,
are keeping important things secret.
And sometimes those secrets have to do
with the misbehavior of powerful people,
and sometimes they have to do with the
ancient American mythologies, like the
JFK assassination or government secrecy
around UFOs, where I should say I
personally am convinced that something
is being kept secret. I'm just damned if
I can figure out what it is. So you're
going to help me figure that out. But
first, how would you describe your own
politics right now as a Republican
congresswoman in 2026?
>> I'd have to say that I am and I and I
think a lot of people have mainly said
that, you know, you're conservative,
yes, but you have a strong populist
streak.
And also too, I think I'm someone who
wants to reform the Republican Party. So
a lot of what I've been focusing on is
how do you actually change the
institution so that it better works for
the American people. And I've been on a
lot of sides of many issues that I think
are, you know, wildly popular among the
not just the base, but the American
people. So, 80/20 issues, um, banning
insider trading, voter ID. So, I found
myself, uh, strange strange bedfellows
in Congress working with people to try
to get this done.
>> So, you said conservative with a streak
of populism or maybe more than a streak.
Like, would you just Well, well, would
you Well, just since we're still
in the Trump era, right? Like, would you
define yourself as MAGA?
>> Yeah, so I'll give you, I guess, a
little bit on my background in that I
got elected to Congress
um, the second time I ran and President
Trump had endorsed me both times and I
think MAGA's really where I got my start
in politics. Part of that, I was in the
military.
Um, I actually never had even
anticipated on running for office. So,
again, that kind of political outsider
coming in.
You wouldn't be surprised to know that
many people spend a lot of time gearing
up to try to make it to Congress, right?
Like, sometimes it's, uh, family
business. Sometimes it's, you know,
people will run for local election,
then, you know, state, and then they get
to federal. And for me, I wanted to
bring change quickly. And so, I realized
the way to do that would be to come to
Washington, D.C. to do it. So, for me,
yes, I'm I'm MAGA, but I'm also trying
to lead on certain issues that I feel
that the Republican party is missing,
especially with the younger people. And
the one thing I think that's different
about me versus some of my colleagues is
that I'm not going to be there, you
know,
forever. Uh, this aspect of people
looking at it like a full-time career is
something that kind of horrifies me
because
if you go up there, it doesn't matter
how good you are, it eventually will
beat you down. The system, the
institution, the power. I mean, D.C.
basically operates on two, uh, two
levers,
pressure and pain. And so, when you're
pulling those two levers, eventually you
get burnt out. And so I don't want to be
that person, so I will eventually pass
the torch, but there's a lot of things
that need to happen before I go. And so
I'm kind of helping to do that now.
>> Give me a couple examples from the run
of normal political issues, let's say,
of things that you are most focused on
that that you would say define you and
make you distinctive among Republicans.
>> Yeah, so I'd have to say I'm willing to
keep my party going true north on issues
that I know are So when I think about
things, if I see a problem, I'm not
thinking about just an immediate fix
that I'm
thinking about what caused that problem,
where the stem of the issue is, right?
And so for example, the one thing that
I've been so frustrated about and I had
sponsored legislation even before MAHA,
this Make America Healthy Again movement
was a thing, I'm looking at, you know,
food additives, what was happening with
the special interest lobbying coming
into Washington. But what you realize is
the whole idea of what it means to be an
elected representative has kind of
become corrupted and perverse in the
sense that you do have a lot of people
that are just
basically answering to lobby a special
interest and they won't even tell their
party no when they know something's
wrong. For example,
um and that's why I've been so big on
the banning of insider trading to kind
of answer your question full circle.
When you have members of Congress that
are given access to certain information,
they're making a lot of money. And this
is not just like a a Republican or a
Democrat thing, it's happening on both
sides and you can see that. And then
you're seeing how the special interest
that's donating to their campaigns, of
which they turn around and invest their
personal money in, so they're becoming
rich. They're essentially betting
betting against the American people.
Why that's so wrong is you could take an
issue like capping prescription prices
for, you know, pharmaceuticals. You You
take an issue like what happened
recently with the glyphosate and
liability protection that would
essentially shield these corporations
from being able to be sued if you found
out for example that it caused your kid
cancer and you wanted to, you know, seek
financial restitution for that.
That shouldn't be the case and we can
get into the specifics of what I've
observed
um when I first got elected I
you know, you go out there and you think
that they're going to teach you how to
do the parliamentary procedure how to
write the bills and they don't. They
tell you two things. Don't vote against
your party and don't take down the rule
and within, you know, the first couple
of weeks of being in office I did both
and so I was automatically put on the
naughty list.
And once that happens then you realize,
okay, so I still want to be an effective
member of Congress. I still want to be
able to advocate for my constituents.
How do I do that? So I actually read the
rule manual twice. That's actually what
caused me to get into the massive fight
with my party on the vote by proxy for
new moms. That's basically where you
still cast a vote but you don't have to
physically be present. And if you were
recovering in the hospital, let's say
there's a war vote, you can't vote.
We have not a lot of women my age who
are in office and yet you're being told
that you can't do that and I think
that's a problem. And yet when I went to
advocate for this issue I figured out,
you know, in the rule manual how to
actually
physically go and collect signatures.
It's called a discharge petition and I
introduced something and, you know, my
party told me it's a tool of the
minority you're not supposed to be doing
that. Well, I would argue that it's not.
We all voted for it to be in the rule
manual. So that's just the attempt to
control someone from being able to
actually do their job which is
representing their constituency. If I
can't vote for them what does that say
to all, you know, my people back home
the over 700,000 people that I'm
supposed to represent? And then
separately
the irony in all of that is that a lot
of people that were vocally against it
had voted by proxy.
So there's that.
>> I think that's
a good sense of the range of things that
you're interested in. No, I think
because I think it's and it seems like
there is this it's a really interesting
mixture of
issues that people might think of as
conventional conservative issues. You
mentioned voter ID as one issues and
issues that are connected to sort of how
Congress actually works. And then issues
connected maybe that come out of your
own distinctive background. So, talk
about your background.
>> Yeah, so
>> Where did you grow up? In in 4 minutes
or less, take us from childhood
childhood to Congress.
>> So, I grew up in Southern California.
Parents were never married. My father,
who passed away the year that I got
elected, that was absolutely brutal. He
was a interesting character, but he
unfortunately struggled with substance
abuse, in and out of jail. And so, a lot
of my childhood as a result of that was
somewhat chaotic.
My mom, when I was in ninth grade,
uh secretly studied to take the LSAT so
that she could apply to law school. She
was in
a not-so-good relationship and applied
to law school and got in.
And I remember she was studying for that
and I had to watch my brother and sister
cuz um my stepdad at the time actually
was not allowing her to apply. Um but
ultimately, by the time I had graduated
from high school, I had gone to over six
high schools. And one of which was
Venice High School
in the like early part of the 2000s. I'm
sure you know Venice Beach now is
gentrified, but it was not always that
way.
And um got jumped at that high school. I
had, you know, wanted to go to college.
I just didn't have a way of paying for
it. I didn't even really know about the
application process and how to do it.
And I had overheard a conversation about
how the military would pay for your
school. So, I This is to date myself, so
if anyone remembers this, MapQuest.
I MapQuested
I Mapquested
>> new It's a hot new technology.
>> Yeah, before Waze, there was Mapquest.
So, I Mapquested directions to a
recruiter's office. And I enlisted. I
didn't tell my family what I was doing
and let them know once I'd already
signed paperwork so I'd be paperwork
that I'd be leaving and I joined the Air
Force. And it was the best decision I
could have made. Met my husband in the
Air Force. Uh in 2014, he was shot in
Afghanistan. That was also absolutely
brutal. Literally, I tell my husband
now, but like going looking back then,
um I had no idea that, you know, that
would kind of bring me to where I'm at
today because as a result of him getting
shot, um it was my first time going up
to DC. I actually stayed at Walter Reed
with him and then ultimately, I got in
contact with a group um that was doing
advocacy counter child trafficking at
the border and it was kind of paired
with that. It was at that point in time
that I really
got political.
>> And had you been a conservative or a or
a Republican before you were sort of
pulled into the child trafficking
debate?
>> I would I would have to say that, you
know, being where I grew up, I my my mom
was not necessarily Well, she was
definitely not conservative. Let's put
it that way.
Um but I don't think that it was
necessarily a huge
normal discussion for me to like engage
in politics cuz
the the environment that I was in was
not really focused on that.
When I joined the military, obviously,
it's a different lens and perspective,
but even then so, at the time that I
joined, you really didn't talk politics.
It was kind of like everyone showed up
in the uniform. That was it and you left
your politics outside of it. Towards the
later part of my military career, that's
when you kind of started started to see
it evolve. I had actually rejoined the
Portland or the service so as a National
Guardsman and that's kind of when you
kind of start seeing like the more
political conversations happening a
little bit. And then
even then so I would have to say that I
got really
involved within the gun community kind
of doing spokesperson stuff and so gun
manufacturing. And so for me
yeah, I think at that point maybe around
onward is when I really started getting
political. But up until then it wasn't
really
a thing for me.
>> And you went to you worked for Turning
Point USA,
>> right?
I did. So I was actually
in the military. I was at the Portland
Guard unit.
And I was working with these nonprofits
and I was posting online on my social
media account on Instagram and I
remember Charlie Kirk actually DM'd me.
And he was like you should really come
to the Young Women's Leadership Summit.
And so I actually went down to Dallas.
This was in 2018 and what I didn't
realize at that time is that he had been
kind of looking at my social medias and
scouting me.
>> So this was not sort of this was not
just accidental, right? It wasn't like
you wrote a few posts and Charlie Kirk
called you up. You had some sense that
you were but you you were sort of
creating yourself as a kind of as an
influencer, right? Like did you think of
it that way? What what is the kind of
conscious aspect of that transition?
>> I guess I didn't think about it like
that because that's not really what my
goal was, right? Like I guess that's
kind of what I was doing. I was like one
of the original people. Um also people
forget that when I was in the military
part of how I amassed my social media
following this is early stages of
Instagram, right? Was I had done Maxim's
Hometown Hottie. I didn't been featured
in Sports Illustrated. So I was really
kind of cultivating this online
following, but it was also too largely
follow like kind of based on military
firearms. Um there's this aspect of
being published. Yeah.
>> How how did so just on the gun stuff?
I'm just curious like how how how does
it fit together, right? You're modeling,
appearing with guns. Anyway, I
>> Yeah. So, um I have a picture of when I
was 5 years old with my dad at the
shooting range.
>> Okay, so that part goes way back.
>> it goes way back. And then um obviously
being in the military.
And then there was a
uh I had a break-in story that happened
when I was stationed in Missouri that
absolutely horrified me. And I told
people that story because I think
especially with women, if you've ever
gone through something like that, it's
horrifying, but also kind of the trauma
that goes along with that and just not
having that sense of security.
And I remember when I first ran for
office, I had this really, really nasty
article come out from the Washington
Post where they just tried to discredit
and undermine everything.
And I actually had to find that police
report. I had text messages from my
colleagues at the time who were in
service with me
and just really debunking that. But
yeah, that was
>> And this is I mean this has been
>> This has been
you know, a a recurring
anti-Luna critique, right? Is that is
that you are a you have curated your
narrative, right? You've curated your
biography and so on.
>> Yeah, that's that seems to be what
people try to say except when you look
at the facts here, it's always been
there. Like I don't see people I And
this is
if people don't like you,
they're going to try to pull anything.
But it's funny because as a result of
these critiques happening, right? Like
you saw that they blew up with the
Washington Post.
Um Time magazine actually did a deep
dive into my background
and realized I was telling the truth and
named me as Time's 100 Next in 2023 as a
result of that. And I was like, well,
that's a silver lining kind of
vindication. So, thank you, Time
magazine.
>> So, by then you were in Congress.
>> By then I was in Congress.
>> So, you so you worked for you worked for
Turning Point. You were a spokesman and
organizer. Like what what what did you
>> I was hired by Charlie as the national
Hispanic outreach director and so I did
grassroots activism nationally, but
really I think a majority of what my job
was was doing the college campus debates
with him.
Brandon Tatum, Candace Owens and so
traveling across the country and I don't
care what side of the aisle that you
were on. I think everyone who's over the
age of 30 will realize when you're in
your 20s when you're in your late teens
you think you know everything and when
you debate college kids that really
haven't been outside of you know the
institution into the real world, they
can get pretty interesting. But it was
some of the best
times in the early starts of my
political career because I always say
that it was kind of um
trial by fire.
>> Right. So you ran So you ran for
Congress from Florida once. You lost.
That was 2020.
>> Yeah, 2020.
>> And then you ran and won in 2022. So
you're now in and then you ran again.
This is This is This is This is This is
your second term, right? But in Congress
uh one of your big focuses and something
that has attracted a lot of attention in
recent months has been issues around
sexual harassment and ethics inside
Congress. Um so can you just describe
the I guess the work you've been doing
or the arguments that you've been making
around those issues?
>> Yeah, this is something that kind of
boiled up to the surface that I'd been
really frustrated about and it wasn't
just me. It was other members of
Congress, but there seems to be this
consensus within the chamber and it's on
both sides and this is why I called both
sides out about it. Is that you have to
let the process play out. Now I'm all
for letting the process play out, but
when you have someone
>> Meaning that if someone is accused of
sexual misconduct, you don't do anything
until
>> Well, that's what they
>> What?
>> That they're What they try to say is
that you know you let the process play
out and that if someone brings forward
an accusation, obviously you want there
to be like cuz anyone can accuse anyone
of anything, but you want there to be
evidence, right? And then ultimately
it's up or it should be the
responsibility of the ethics committee
to make the recommendation on expulsion
or resignation or referrals if there's
criminal action involved, right?
But what's happened is the ethics
committee has become so partisan and
about protecting the party
that they're not doing their jobs. And
so ultimately what happened was
the first individual that this had
really come up about was representative
Tony Gonzales who's a Republican from
Texas. And I didn't have any personal
issues with him. However, I remember
seeing the headline that his staffer had
committed suicide by lighting herself on
fire.
And I saw that and I said
that's horrible. And also what would
cause a young mom to do that? She has a
son, she had a son that is a little bit
older than my son. And just the
headspace one has to be in. So I kind of
saw that and made a mental note. And I
remember sending it to one of my female
staff. I said, "Have you heard anything
about this?"
And then a couple months later we
started hearing rumors that he had had
this inappropriate relationship with
her. And then those rumors with evidence
started turning out to be true. Text
messages started coming out to the point
where you knew for a fact that he was
violating our house rules. You can't
have a relationship with your staff,
period, right? But he was still wanting
to seek re-election.
And ultimately
I had obtained
text messages that were not publicly
released that were so horrible.
>> How How had you obtained those text
messages?
>> I followed up on it directly with the
husband of the deceased staffer and um
his legal team.
And
I went to leadership and I said
would you like what's going on with
this? And
they said there's a process, there's a
process. But ethics I later learned had
had these text messages for over a month
and was in making no recommendation.
And so at that point in time, I was
like, this this guy's got to go.
Um then another woman came forward and
said that, you know, she was on the
campaign side of things and said that
there was some inappropriate stuff. And
so I at that point kind of made a mental
note that I was going to do the motion
for expulsion cuz there was enough
evidence there. I didn't need to wait
for the ethics
committee to make a recommendation. It
was there, cut dry, it had happened, he
admitted it, and he was still seeking
election at that time. And then on
Friday, Representative Swalwell, who's a
Democrat from California
>> Eric Eric Swalwell.
>> Yeah, Eric Swalwell.
Um that's when stuff started blowing up
on him, and I said, this is makes
everyone in general just look bad. And
so I was willing to file a motion to
expel both of them, and then we found
out that you could only do one at a
time. And so I was contacted by
a representative from New Mexico. She's
a Democrat, and she said, I'll, you
know, support your six ball Swalwell,
will you support mine six expel? Tony
said, absolutely.
And so we actually never even had to
call up those votes because they ended
up both resigning. And then it wasn't
just them, it was Shiftless McCormick,
and there's been other members as well.
But the point was is that why did it
take me having to do that?
>> Well, and did it only work because there
was a Republican and a Democrat at the
same time? Because some of this, as you
just suggested, right, is that under
highly polarized, highly partisan
conditions, right, well, no one
Republicans have a very narrow majority,
neither side wants to have a sudden
special election or have to deal with
any kind of fallout, right? So
>> I think it was I think it was so bad
that people did not want to be
associated. So I think in this instance,
if push came to shove and I called it
out, they would have voted for it.
But I will say it's been very
frustrating cuz there there have been
other instances, for example, uh the
congressional slush funds for sexual
harassment or misconduct.
>> What are those funds?
>> Those are funds that are paid for out of
the House of Representatives. And so,
for example, if I'm working for you and
you do something you shouldn't, I can
then bring a lawsuit against your office
and then your office will pay out. And
then usually there's an NDA.
>> That's taxpayer funds.
>> I see.
>> And so, first of all, that shouldn't be
the case. So, you can just see that the
institution will protect itself. People
it's very hard for people, I think, to
be confrontational to people that they
are serving with because then it's well,
are they your colleagues, friends?
There's kind of this And you can be
friends with people, but like you don't
have to cover up for their misconduct.
And the point is is that you know, when
we go up there to serve, if you tolerate
this behavior, it's a poor reflection on
everyone. And then also, too, how could
you then expect people to trust the
institution, trust you, have faith in
federal government, which gets into the
whole aspect of why I'm so big on
disclosure, declassification, really
kind of this open-source model of doing
government is because really
trust in the institution, trust in
government is at an all-time low with
the American people. And I think
rightfully so because of stuff like
this.
>> Yeah. So,
we'll we'll get to the larger
disclosure push in a minute. Just just
to stay on this issue,
how much of this is about sort of
government secret key keeping versus how
much is it a kind of Me Too style story
about male misbehavior in particular
being protected? And do you see yourself
um
Congresswoman Mace, others as sort of
doing a kind of Me Too push against
entrenched male bad behavior?
>> I don't think So, so I think that's two
parts of this question, right? I think
in general Yeah, in in general, I think
that the aspect of what I'm trying to do
is follow through on the transparency
aspect that I think the federal
government desperately needs. That's why
I head up the task force that I do,
which is the declassification of federal
secrets, which by the way, a lot of
people thought it was like some like
kooky task force, and now you're seeing
that the task force has actually done
some wildly cool stuff. And we'll get to
that in a minute, whether it's Jim
Jordan
or Matt Gaetz.
>> kooky, but
>> But that's what they try to discredit,
right? They see me kind of young, they
people will automatically sometimes
assume or try to discredit me because of
I think
my background, my age. But, you know,
it's crazy what happens when you're
reading books. You can learn a lot in
regards to how to how the whole entire
institution functions, and I'm one of
the few members that actually knows how
that works, and so I can operate in a
different way, and I'm effective in that
way. Um but, as far as what we're doing,
no, I cuz there's females that do this
as well.
It's not as
prevalent because there's smaller races,
I think, of female to men
in this institution, but
in general, I'd have to say that I just
don't think that this should be hidden
from the American people because there's
this aspect of transparency. If you are
serving in Congress, you you want to or
if you're asking for some someone to
vote for you, um there's a different
threshold and standard of what you're
supposed to conduct and maintain
yourself, right? And this goes into, I
think, you know, and I've been pretty
good on this issue, even as far as
disclosing, for example, um the
congressional stock trading. I stood up
with Governor DeSantis in the state of
Florida, and he actually changed the um
qualifying candidate forms to actually
disclose if you're going to trade stocks
while you're in Congress,
um which is great because at the federal
level, we're supposed to actually have a
vote on banning insider trading, which
by the way, happened because myself and
Representative Burchett and many a few
actually came together and said, "This
is so wrong on both sides, and we are
working against our own parties to
actually get this to the floor." Th-
This is, I think, in line with my push
for transparency on this issue.
>> Right. Okay, I'm curious about listening
to your critique of how Congress works
and
just, you know, stock trading and people
covering up sexual harassment and all of
these things, like
seems like versions of that critique
could apply to the president himself and
the White House and his administration,
right? Like
in in ways that range from the history
of allegations of sexual harassment and
assault against the president to the
various ways in which the Trump family
seems to be enriching itself in this
administration.
Isn't there some kind of tension between
saying
I'm here to clean up Congress, but
meanwhile, I am in an alliance with a
president who seems to be manifesting
the same kind of vices?
>> So, going back to when you have
evidence, it's one thing, but when you
have accusations, it's totally separate.
And what's been interesting is I, when
no one else wanted to touch it, was
leading the charge on the Jeffrey
Epstein declassification of files.
And when we brought all the victims in
with their attorney, it was both
Democrats and Republicans and Mike
Johnson. And the first question that a
Democrat asked was was President Trump,
I think it was a along those lines, was
President Trump involved? Do you have
any information that implicates the
president in any of this?
And the victim said, "No."
Um we then later on, when I took the
deposition for Bill and Hillary Clinton,
which is so wild, and I was in the room
and I was sitting across from President
Clinton,
and he actually exonerated President
Trump. And what What Regardless of where
you're at. So,
>> I I I wasn't suggesting that that that
there was strong evidence that President
Trump was involved there. I I think
there is
ample evidence that people close to the
president have enriched themselves
substantially in this presidency. The
president himself has made a number of
stock trades that have
increased his net worth, right? I just
I'm just saying there's a range of
things outside of the Epstein case where
he and people close to him seem to fall
into the same category of people you're
criticizing in Congress.
>> So, I've looked extensively into this,
and if Congress had the same laws in
place that the administration has,
specifically with stock trading, you
would not see the insider trading that
you see now. And I actually even
suggested, well, why don't we just
instead of doing a stand-alone, why
don't we try to essentially reflect it
with the executive branch? And they
still didn't want to do it. In fact, I
had a bipartisan very tough bill on
insider trading, and Hakeem Jeffries
told Democrats to not support it. So, I
have I'm like I'm a hawk on this, right?
Like I've looked extensively into this,
but I do think the aspect of
>> the president's stock trades are above
are are are fine?
>> Above the board? I haven't seen what his
stock trades are, but I don't have
reason to believe that what he is doing
is on the level of what Congress is
doing, because I know that the
disclosures for the executive branch are
way more strict and harsh than the the
disclosures for this branch. And of
course, then we get in the same aspect
of I was also on the Hunter Biden and
Joe Biden basically task force that
Congress had set up. I don't want to
call it task force, but we investigated
that extensively. And so, then the
critique could then one could say, well,
why aren't we then talking about Joe
Biden and Hunter Biden that we're
getting all this money from Ukraine and
China?
>> Because he's not president.
>> But But at the time But at the time
though, the thing is is that the media's
not with the arguments, if we're going
to talk about Trump and this, well, we
have known reports from Treasury. Did
you see what I'm saying is that
>> I think I I think it's perfectly
reasonable to say that there's it was
inadequate coverage of something
associated with Joe Biden.
>> Mhm.
>> I just also think that Donald Trump is
president right now, and you're on an
anti-corruption crusade.
>> I don't think
>> So, how about how about this? Why do you
think that the president was um
so reluctant to release the Epstein
Epstein files?
>> Well, I talked with him extensively on
this and I was actually So, I I was on
this to put it in timeline for people
that aren't tracking.
In November of the year prior, I wanted
the flight logs and I remember Marsha
Blackburn had made a motion to release
those flight logs in the Senate and it
was a Democrat Senator that blocked
them. And then come time to President
Trump taking the administration over,
the new Attorney General in January, I
got the task force for declassification
of federal secrets and so the purview of
the task force was UAP, JFK, MLK, RFK,
Epstein and 9/11. That was kind of like
the initial start of it. And I remember
writing the DOJ and just not hearing a
response from them and so I was vocally
calling for the release of the files
from Bondi and then the rest of it kind
of transpired. But I actually remember
calling over and hey saying, "Hey, I
think you guys should just release
these, give the files to oversight." And
they said, "Okay." The problem is is
that the timeline and the second order
of documents, that order came out of a
judge from New York. So, you had the DOJ
that allocated, I think it was like 500
um attorneys at once trying to go
through and redact victim information.
That in itself wasn't ideal. However,
why did it take so long?
>> also why did during this time the
president was out giving public comments
saying, you know, this is this is now a
Democrat hoax and and so on. Like, it
wasn't simply a matter of
there was a slow process to release the
files. It was also clear that he himself
had some objections to the kind of
release that you were pushing for.
>> I think when he said Democrat hoax and I
think that Caroline Levitt clarified
this in that when you have someone
that's accusing you of trafficking
people
and saying that you are a rapist, that
you are going to get upset and you're
going to call it Like, if I was being
accused of that, I would probably say
the same thing. However, I want to be
clear in that my conversations with him
were not personal and nasty and I was
the biggest proponent on releasing these
things.
At a certain point, so in February, I
had a whistleblower that came forward. I
actually wrote a bill, I talked to media
on it and I said, "Hey, I think that
we're only dealing with a partial deck
here."
And that
we had someone that said that there was
destruction of files and evidence
specifically pertaining to Jeffrey
Epstein. And then you have this other
aspect of was Jeffrey Epstein a member
of the intelligence community? I think
so. We had the attorney that represented
the victims.
>> So you think So you think basically that
the
this sort of
harder core Epstein conspiracy theories
are still true or are likely to be true?
>> Well, there's a lot of there's a lot of
there.
>> Not not the hardest not the hardest
>> Well, tell me what they are.
>> Well, well, so I I mean, I look so I
looked at the at the material that was
released and I'm not going to tell you
that I read every single document.
>> That's almost impossible to read.
>> but I I was I was sort of a um
you know, I
I was very interested in the Epstein
story for a long time and I thought that
there was clearly things there that were
hidden or mysterious and I wanted to
know what was going on. And to me, the
upshot of the huge data dump was that
there was maybe less than I thought. It
seemed like maybe he had connections to
Israeli intelligence or some foreign
intelligence, but was not actually
working for them in the sense that
I didn't see evidence that he had, you
know, sort of carried out any kind of
blackmail. Maybe that was a possibility,
but there wasn't evidence there. The
exposure reduced my
sense that um
there was you know, a truly profound and
dark secret here and made me more likely
to think the guy was a sexual predator
who had a lot of rich and powerful
friends and they helped cover up for him
and that's it's it's still an
interesting story but
it's not the most the most interesting
story.
>> So I discovered a document in going
through some of the records unredacted
over at the DOJ and he did have an
alias. It was a passport and his address
was located I think it's Saudi Arabia. I
believe it's an Austrian passport and
that was in his safe that he had with a
bunch of other cash, diamonds, etc. Most
people don't have a completely fake name
in a safe with that type of information.
That was my first kind of all right, he
definitely had intel connections. I
think the guy dealt in intelligence and
exchange of information.
The thing that will always be a question
for me and I don't think that we're ever
going to get the answer on this is that
what happened with the alleged evidence
that was destroyed and also to
this type of operation could not have
existed without the intelligence
agencies knowing about it. So what
exactly was he doing?
>> What kind of what kind of
>> Well him him just the moving the amount
of money that he was interacting with
the people that he was aware of. I mean
the alias passports, the travel, all of
that. That doesn't just happen unless
you have friends that are helping you.
So the the verdict out on that is that
yes, obviously he was known to be a
sexual predator. But the other thing
that I don't think that the media fully
focused on and this was something that I
read in an unredacted FBI report on
co-conspirators is that the only
co-conspirator sitting in jail right now
is Ghislaine Maxwell.
There were other women that were listed
as co-conspirators and they were able to
walk.
Those women could have easily given
names of were they helping to assist in
the purchase and transaction for minors
and this goes to show that this just
doesn't go back to this administration.
This goes all the way back to I think
Bush 2.0. And why is it that it stayed
kind of hidden for so long? And then why
was it like the really responsible
reporting would be yeah, both sides
messed up. They should have handled this
early on. This entire thing was a
complete botch of the entire judicial
process. And then in addition to that,
what you have is
people victims that have their entire
lives destroyed because there was no due
process for them.
>> So that just the last question on
Epstein then. One of the striking things
is that we have had
all of this information, all of these
things released, all this public debate
and controversy. And the only person who
has seemingly been taken down is Prince
Andrew.
Potentially, allegedly. I want to like
he was not tried and convicted, but that
>> You have the BBC calling you here in a
minute.
>> But do you think that before this story
is done, we will actually get the names
of other powerful guys who were part of
his
essentially trafficking
work?
>> I think to answer your question, I'll
just have to
I guess follow up with we asked
specifically the victims for names of
people. And I remember the attorney
saying
since we've been up here, I've been
getting phone calls from people that are
basically
from what we gathered involved in a
lawsuit. And I think part of
unfortunately the
the thing surrounding Jeffrey Epstein is
that the victims, if they do sue
civilly,
then they sign NDAs and then it goes
away. And then they're not going to talk
and there is a settlement. And then
maybe the people that were guilty of
this get off.
>> Let's go from
from Epstein to other areas. So just
first
tell me about the committee that you're
running
and how you ended up in this role.
>> Yeah, so the last Congress that I served
in, the 118th, both um Representative
Burchett, myself, and Matt Gaetz
responded to a whistleblower report from
pilots at Eglin Air Force Base saying
that the Air Force was covering up UAP
activity. Okay, or UFO activity, if you
will.
We went up to investigate. We get people
that say things all the time. And when
we were there, we were stonewalled. We
were shut down. They tried to cancel the
briefing initially. We got it back on.
We get there. They're showing us stuff
about Chinese spy balloons, which is
equally important. However, that's not
what we're there to see. And they ended
up eventually, after we got into a fight
with them, pulling in pilots. And
we got the most insane briefing from the
pilots that we've pretty much ever heard
saying, "Hey, these things are real."
>> Where is Eglin Air Force Base, just so
people know?
>> Eglin Air Force Base is in the
panhandle.
>> Okay. So, and so it was yourself and
Matt Gaetz, who was then a Florida
Congressman, and it was Tim Burchett, a
Congressman from Tennessee, who received
this whistleblower report.
>> Uh
briefing.
>> Briefing.
>> And then we go up to Eglin to follow up
on it. And that's when kind of
>> But why did you receive the briefing in
the first place?
>> Well, these whistleblowers came forward
to Representative Gaetz's office and
said the Air Force was covering up UAP
activity.
>> Okay.
>> So, clearly when you get something like
that, you're like, all right. You hear
cover-up, it kind of peaks interest.
>> Had you had any contact with or interest
in the world of UFO stuff before this?
>> I had had a
um a pilot when I was stationed at
Portland Air National Guard
tell me about an airspace incursion that
had happened, and he was kind of spooked
in talking about it.
But I wasn't necessarily focused on it,
right? This piqued my interest because
you have Eglin Air Force Base. I was
stationed at Hurlburt Field. I know the
area. The pilots were very well
equipped, so they're not making it up.
And after we got up there, we're
remember, we're just kind of following
up on our to do due diligence. You have
a member of House Armed Services that
oversees the military and funding and
two members of congressional oversight
which do the investigations.
And when we got up there, that's when
stuff hit the fan and that's when we
basically realized that the Air Force
was indeed not being so transparent
about what was actually happening. So,
that happened in the 118th Congress and
then at the start of the 119th Congress,
we realized President Trump had talked
about releasing the MLK, RFK, and JFK
files.
Um, we had this stuff outstanding with
UAP activity and so we ended up actually
wanting to be the follow-through
mechanism arm for the president and so
Chairman Comer decided to set up the
task force.
And initially
uh, people were a little spooked about
taking the position because of
everything that it involved and there
was a stigma even when we had our first
UAP hearing of people saying, "You know,
if you do this, people are going to
think you're crazy." And they try to
It's a taboo topic, right?
>> haven't really asked about your
relationship to the congressional
leadership.
Do you think that this was something
that you were given in part because it
was like, "Let's, you know, keep her
busy." And also it might make her look a
little crazy?
>> I think I think maybe they anticipated
that, but I also you
>> held a hearing.
>> Yeah. Well, there's already a hearing on
oversight and there's a lot of interest
for it. So, I said, "Look, these are
some really interesting topics. I think
everyone kind of wants to know, right?
This is in part curiosity. We're not
trying to be the cat, so we're trying
to, you know, stay safe where we're
doing it, but um, this aspect of just
wanting to find out more, kind of answer
questions. And if we don't know, we'll
tell you, but no one
no one thought that we would get the UAP
files declassified, not one person.
Except for when President Trump started
saying, "Okay, we're going to declassify
it." And I think that's when things
really started changing. I actually had
a member of Congress find me on the
floor and Chairman Co- Comer was talking
to him the other day. He goes,
"Well, Luna, you did some great things
with that task force." Cuz it's not just
that, it's it's also this aspect of the
JFK files and the declassification
there. We have a good team um in general
with the actual task force. We also have
kind of an unofficial body of the task
force that are members on other
committees that kind of do drive-bys for
the hearings, if you will, and come in
and are curious and inquisitive. But, I
mean, I've worked with some great
people, and at least for as Congress is
concerned, we're putting out an official
congressional report on all the new
findings with the declassified files uh
pertaining to JFK.
And the stuff on JFK has been
interesting, too, and I think that this
kind of is happening at a very
serendipitous time.
>> On on the JFK stuff, just just to
to pause before we go further with the
with the UFOs.
So, I've seen
There's been stuff that's been released
about the CIA's sort of connections to
Lee Harvey Oswald, right? And
>> And George Joannides is a big one.
>> None of that
s-
as with the Epstein stuff, right? I
found that very interesting. It did not
change my view that Lee Harvey Oswald
probably killed JFK and probably acted
alone. Do you think that there is actual
material out there that would change
that view?
>> I don't think that you're ever going to
find a list, per se, of people that were
implicated in the plot to assassinate
the president. But, what I will tell you
is that we had a doctor come in that was
in the operating room that Kennedy was
brought to in Dallas after he was shot,
and testified under oath to Mr. Kennedy
being shot or President Kennedy being
shot from both the front and the back,
which means you had to have more more
than one shooter.
We then also found in some of the
follow-up documents that Mr. Morley had
been trying to look for for like
20-something years. Right. Jefferson
Morley, who runs the Substack JFK Facts,
I would consider him a subject matter
expert on all this stuff, that the CIA
then delivered on, kudos to Director
Radcliffe on the task force working with
us,
but that had implicated the CIA in
knowingly obstructing Congress' initial
investigation and follow-up
investigations.
George Joannides was an operative for
the CIA, had dual identities, was
installed as the CIA liaison, and we
have a CIA historian
that is now a professor that has come
forward and said that he that he knows a
document that specifically
um
talks about how the CIA intended to
undermine and prevent Congress from
finding out the truth on Kennedy. So
>> But that could mean that the CIA
was trying to undermine Congress'
attempt to figure out things that might
be embarrassing for the CIA, like that
they had had these connections with
Oswald that they didn't want anyone to
know about, but that that doesn't mean
that someone else killed Kennedy, right?
I mean, this this seems to me part of
part of what you might find when you dig
in is things that are embarrassing for
institutions that they don't want to
reveal
that do not then in the end prove that
the most conspiratorial perspective was
true, right?
>> Well, I think that might be a theory,
but when you look at all the pieces to
this puzzle and you see the mosaic
that's kind of formed. When you have So,
you have to think about it too from a
historical context in that Kennedy
after he was assassinated, we go right
into Vietnam. I mean, the war machine
really does pick up and the CIA, based
on their internal communications about
Kennedy, really did look at him like a
radical.
And they
>> So, you think So, all right. So, you
think this So, wait. So, you think the
CIA killed Kennedy?
>> I don't think that the CIA gave the
authorization. I think that there was
radical factions within the agency that
were working with other networks that
assassinated Kennedy. And I think it it
stood to benefit many people to include
the military-industrial complex and to
include people that thought that Kennedy
was too much of a radical thought leader
in the sense that he wanted peace. Cuz
remember at this point in time
>> Right, but this is this is the this I
mean
>> But I don't think
>> This is the this is the Oliver Stone and
JFK narrative, right? That narrative
about Kennedy was for a long time a
left-wing narrative. It was a narrative
I grew up with that was present
um among people I knew who were
political radicals on the left who sort
of took it for granted that nefarious
factions had killed Kennedy so as so
that we wouldn't get into Vietnam. I
think Kennedy would have done much the
same thing as Vietnam as LBJ, but but
setting that aside
>> there's a separate conversation on LBJ.
>> but now this is I it's just really
striking that now this is a Republican,
conservative making this argument,
right? It's just really it's just really
interesting that that would switch.
>> think the I think the more important
question would be why is it that the
federal government tried so hard to
discredit, prevent, and stop information
from coming out, and wouldn't even
answer questions for people that had
that theory? Because the thing is is
that that theory
from everything that we have seen, the
CIA did lie to Congress.
>> Right, but what we've seen is that they
lied to Congress about things that might
have been embarrassing for the CIA
that were different from a radical
faction in the CIA killed Kennedy,
right?
>> Well, not necessarily, because you have
this aspect of people that were
surrounding Oswald, observing Oswald,
knew about him. Really, you could say
that But that's but isn't that an insane
isn't that an insane Right, but I mean
that's insane embarrassment.
>> Well, it's it's embarrassment, or is it
intentional
nefariousness?
>> Right.
>> And I think that's the question. And so,
what's been so interesting is that, you
know, the investigator that I'm working
with on this, Mr. Morelli, when we had
the CIA in my office, he goes, "I've
been waiting so long for this. But, he's
a Democrat.
>> Yes.
>> He's a Bernie Sanders Democrat, and I
have
>> I've been I've been reading him for many
years. Yes.
>> Okay, so he's he's great, and so he's
actually the one that we brought in to
um the oversight task force, and he's
actually going to be writing the report
on it. And what is also very interesting
about this is for so long if you said
what you said right there, people would
say that that's a conspiracy theory.
>> Right.
>> finding out is that maybe it wasn't so
far off, and these are with the facts.
And so, I I will encourage everyone, and
we'll do, you know, we'll try to do a
one-pager on it. But, when you hear Mr.
Morley talk about all the facts and
really get into the key details on who
is who and where was I mean, it's
actually really sad what happened to
Kennedy. And it's really sad what
happened
>> that's that's yeah.
>> And when you see the the distrust in
federal government, you can pinpoint it
to what happened with the assassination
and the fallout from that. And I will
also end by saying this. In the '90s,
Congress tried to obtain the actual
investigations from the KGB into the
assassination on Kennedy.
And what we found with the
declassification of files from the
Russian government, they were actually
verified, and now they are on the
archives as not being, you know,
propaganda, but like legitimate
documentation is that they had
separately concluded similar findings in
what we found in the
documents that were released from the
archives, and they had provided those
before a lot of these came out. That was
in the fall of last year.
>> Right. I guess I have some skepticism
about how much clarity the KGB had into
the actual assassination, but let's
follow then two threads on UAPs. There
basically are sort of two areas of
interest around UFOs and UAPs.
Uh and I'm going to try and divide them
up, and maybe you'll put them back
together. Area one is basically a
combination of reports from
US military pilots about things that
they have seen
uh combined with video evidence of
things that the US military can't
identify.
The New York Times reported on some of
this back in 2017.
>> a great job on it in 2017. Good job,
Times.
>> It's a wonderful It's a wonderful
newspaper. Um the second area is the
claim by people who have held posts
inside the US government with some
access to classified material, and they
have claimed that the US government has
concrete evidence of what gets called
non-human intelligence, including
possibly non-human craft or technology.
So, those are two separate categories.
The second category is obviously much
wilder, right? It's much wilder to say
the US government knows about non-human
intelligence than to say there's a bunch
of things that we have on video or see
in the sky that we don't
>> understand.
>> understand, right? So,
just sticking with the with the first
one.
What you have done on your committee is
push for what the Trump administration
is now doing, which is the release of
what we take to be video evidence that
is
>> of UAPs.
>> of UAPs. There have been two um sets of
videos, and not just videos, material,
some pilot testimony, investigations,
and so on, right?
>> Um astronauts.
>> What
Right, but some some of some of which
though had been in the public domain
already, but what what do you make of
what's been released, and how does it
compare to what you've seen in
classified settings?
>> Um I can talk about the stuff that's
been publicly released that for example,
there's a um an illustration that came
from an investigation that the FBI was
conducting, and a lot of people don't
realize that the FBI had an office that
was dedicated to this, and that these
things, the anomalies, do exist. They're
real.
>> That was You mean that was the
conclusion of the FBI?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um and so what's interesting is is
and I I'm very careful because I don't
think that you should I I don't think
anyone should just blindly take what the
federal government is telling you to be
true as like
don't verify for yourself. So, I don't
tell people what to believe. I say go
look at the evidence for yourself and
formulate your own opinion.
But what I am really concerned about
from a national security perspective,
but then also from a transparency
perspective in that
if you have
aspects of the federal government or
bureaucrats that are stonewalling
oversight from elected members of
Congress that are supposed to be
stewards of the financial resources that
are funding programs, et cetera, then
you have this aspect of retribution
being faced by whistleblowers, whether
it is and and a number of times we've
heard that people are in fear of their
lives, or they don't even want to
testify because they're afraid of
getting killed from what we've heard
from some people, which is also wild to
say out loud, but that's the truth. And
>> Well, that's what they've told you.
>> That's what they've told us.
>> Yeah. Stay Stay with the videos with me,
right?
You have had access before these videos
were released. In what context have you
seen these videos before they were
released?
>> I went into the SCIF and saw all the
videos. A SCIF is a class basically a
box with lead paint around it, not lead
paint, but no signals can come in and
out. So, you can have conversations on
things that are considered top secret,
classified, all of that. Um I went and
actually observed and saw all the videos
before they were released to go through
numerically to make sure that those were
the ones that correlated to the ones
that we had actually put out in the
request. So, those have all now been
declassified.
>> All of the ones in How did you get But
how did you get the list of videos in
the request in
>> We had We had a group that came forward.
It was bipartisan.
Uh former whistleblowers from the
intelligence community that had access
to to it I would compare it to something
like YouTube that exists within the
intelligence community. And they came up
with the files and they said you need to
get access to these files and have them
released. And so before the order came
out from the president, we had come up
with this list.
We'd been getting pushed back and then
after he gave the green light for it, it
was declassified. And those are now up
and enabled to be at the Department of
War.
>> Okay. And what do you think they show?
>> Well, there's some interesting stuff. I
think that they show UAPs. There has
been one of the videos that has since
been debunked to be actually um the
infrared that was picking up uh aircraft
that was farther in distance, but the
objects are kind of an illusion in that
sense. Those So there's been one that's
been debunked, but there are ones that
they cannot explain. They've tried to
cross-reference it with other data. And
the way that these things are
maneuvering are pretty wild. And so
again, I think that they show UAPs in
some instances.
>> Right. And you think that these
that one reason to take this stuff
seriously is that they correlate with
direct pilot testimony of the kind that
you've heard, right? So it's not Like
I'm just Imagine Imagine the completely
skeptical listener or viewer, of which
there are reasonably many, who says,
"Okay, you have you have some number of
videos. We don't know what they are, but
if one of them turns out to be
um you know, sort of some prosaic
explanation, we can assume a lot of them
will be."
>> Yes. So in this specific
>> makes you
>> Yeah, in the specific incident of Eglin
Air Force Base, which is where we had
the pilot testimony and we were able to
see some images,
these things were frying the equipment
on the aircraft. Some of our most
state-of-the-art technology is getting
completely fried.
So there's this aspect of
>> that pilots told you had happened to
them.
>> Now, the other issue sometimes pilots
won't report cuz they don't want to be
taken off flight status. So there's
We're removing the stigma of if you're
supposed to have safe flying, you want
to also track national security issues,
you have to be able to document this
stuff. But, when you have this type of
stuff impacting military training,
impacting flight operations, impacting
impacting our tech and technology, it's
a problem. The other aspect is, you
know, we should follow up and and say,
"Okay, well, is this technology that
potentially could be advanced tech from
adversary nations?"
I don't necessarily think that's the
case because if that was true, we
wouldn't be number one currently. Some
of this stuff that we're seeing is
pretty wild. You saw the New York Times
report and just how it's
defying physics, if you will.
Um, but then the other aspect of what
can we as Congress do next? We can
declassify. I don't think, you know,
this aspect of people say, "It's not
enough. It's not Well,
>> Well, is there but is there are there
things that you've seen
in a skiff or not in a skiff that are
wilder than this that would like make
the front page of the New York Times as,
you know, no one can be skeptical
anymore.
>> No, I I think the aspect of do I have,
you know, a location where there's a
little green man on a slide and a little
green
>> Wait. We're going to We're going to get
to that in a No, just stick with the
videos. Is there anything else out there
that is like a holy moment?
>> Well, I think that there there's
probably going to be some more release
of other videos as well, other
testimony. They're still combing.
But, as far as
a lot of the meat and potatoes that
we've been able to see and gotten
briefings on, it's for the most part
been out been put out.
However, there needs to be a call to
action. And the problem that we're
having in Congress is that the UAP
Disclosure Act and whistleblower
protections,
whenever we bring this up to try to make
it easier for people to report or to
actually give immunity for people to
come forward and not risk violating, you
know, the Espionage Act if they do have
information on this. And right now,
within the chambers, whenever this
happens, I call them legislation goblins
cuz they just pop up. They'll never put
it on the NDAA, they'll never put it on
the FAA. Something as simple as
whistleblower protections, why would you
not want to pass that? So, I actually
called the White House and suggested
that we actually do that through an
executive order because they don't want
to do it in in the chamber.
>> So, in the chamber, um
one of the things that
has made me take this issue seriously is
the fact that
among the people who have pushed for the
inclusion of UAP provisions in the
National Defense Authorization Act are
Chuck Schumer, right? Exactly. Chuck
Schumer
>> Hillary Clinton made a mention of it,
too.
>> And right, it is a range of um
very high-profile senators who are not
known for being interested in wild-goose
hunts.
>> What are you trying to say?
>> Who's chasing who?
Let's say Let's just say it's a number
of people who would probably disagree
with you about with you about the JFK
assassination. And maybe maybe not,
right? So, one of them is one on the
Republican side on the Republican side,
Mike Rounds, right? He's a Republican
senator from South Dakota. I would say
that there is no more sort of stalid,
vanilla Republican senator than Mike
Rounds. Mike Rounds has been partnering
with Chuck Schumer on this issue in the
Senate.
>> Have you talked to those guys? Have you
talked to Schumer and Rounds? No, okay.
>> personally, yeah, but
>> So, there aren't there aren't secret
conver- Why do you think that they're
interested in this?
>> Well, this is the most bicameral a
bicameral bipartisan issue in Congress
currently, which is funny cuz I'm
letting it out
in part. But there's interest because
there's something there cuz it's real.
It would It's not just made up. It's not
just like some crazy wacky thing. It's
real.
>> Okay, so one thing that's real, that
that we can establish, is that we have a
range of testimony from aviators about
inexplicable events in the air, and a
range of videos that seem to correspond
with at least some some of that. Okay,
let's go then into
what you could call like the stronger
dose of strangeness, which is the claim
that there is a secret program inside
the US government that knows a lot about
this, or knows more about this.
You've had people testify to that effect
before before your own committee. Do you
think that there is a secret program
inside the federal government?
>> I think that there's a lot of money in
the Pentagon that goes unaccounted for,
and part of the reason why we initially
wanted to investigate is, again, being
stewards of the pocketbook, where's our
money going? If you have people
testifying to this, and they're saying
that they're afraid of losing their
lives over it,
is there a there there to that? What's
been interesting is the amount of
pushback that we've gotten. So, do we
know that money's missing out of the
Pentagon's budget that we can't account
for? Yes.
Do we know that people are making these
testimonies under oath and risking
prosecution for lying under oath? Yes.
Do we also know that there are things
that we can't explain, and we have now
the new director of AARO who concurs
with us on this instead of attacking our
witnesses? Yes.
>> AARO is the all the all-domain anomaly
office that was set up to essentially
investigate these things, which by the
way, the former director was
in my opinion, stonewalling our
investigations and efforts. You have a
new director that's come in and
basically pushed for the release, and
now we have the documentation.
All that to say
that I have seen enough weird stuff to
definitely make me be skeptical of the
aspect of everything's fine and dandy
and look the other way.
>> Okay, so everything All right,
everything isn't fine and dandy. But,
you But,
just to stick with the most prominent
example, David Grusch, who's a former US
Air Force officer and intelligence
official, made very concrete claims.
And he's made them on many, many
podcasts. And he made a version of them
under oath to you that there is, again,
a sort of secret program studying
non-human intelligence that has been in
place going back decades that multiple
presidents have known about.
>> Or have been somewhat read into this
>> been Have been somewhat have been
somewhat read into.
Um
Do you think that he's telling the
truth?
>> I think that he is going off of
information that he's been so shown. So,
I don't have a reason to believe that
he's lying.
>> Okay.
>> But what I will say is that there are
programs that exist that are top secret
and clearance or read-in programs or
advanced weapons technologies that we're
studying, not necessarily these things.
So, I think and part of what we're doing
with the investigations that hasn't been
publicized and Representative Burchett's
been very good on this is sending
certain letters to different
corporations, manufacturers, tech, um to
see if there's any hard evidence that we
can get with that.
>> Right, cuz one of his one of his claims
and others have made this claim is that
contractors in the style of Lockheed
Martin have been themselves sort of
brought into this program.
>> Correct. Now, I do want to though put
out though that I have personally come
across with some of our other
congressional investigators, people that
have inserted themselves as subject
matter experts in this that have been
pushing disinformation campaigns of
false information that I know for a fact
to be false.
So, we are very careful about certain
things that we say and also certain
people that we have as witness witness
testimony specifically on this topic
because I think that there's a certain
level of
grift and then a certain aspect of
disinformation happening. And so, we're
careful about that. But what I what I
will say about Grusch specifically is
for his testimony, first of all, he's
been one of our better witnesses, been
able to also help kind of point us to
where we should be looking. And he is
not incorrect in saying that
one of the big issues that we are having
right now, remember us talking earlier
about special interest corporate kind of
power within the chamber, etc., is that
I don't necessarily think that
people are lying when they say, "Well,
the US military might not have it."
Because we've farmed out so much of our
tech and research to corporations that
aren't held to the same privacy and
oversight laws as a government agency or
contract would typically have if it was
under our purview in the Department of
War.
>> Right.
>> And so, that's the problem that we're
facing right now. But, what I will say
is that if there was nothing there,
then why go through so much pain and
heartache and heartburn and really
preventing us from being able to see the
bare minimums? Why fight it so hard at
the release of some of these classified
videos that we just got released? Why
push so hard to get our briefings
canceled only to find out something
completely separate when there's a
change of administration? If this wasn't
true, why are so many members of
Congress, both in the Senate, Democrat
and Republican, and literally on polar
opposites of every other issue, why is
it that we're so adamant about actually
pushing this forward? If it weren't for
this administration, I would say we
would have never seen those videos.
>> Right. But, if again, allowing that
the videos and the pilot testimony are
evidence of something, and we don't know
what.
If there were this kind of program,
why would Chuck Schumer,
Anna Paulina Luna,
a range of people with serious power in
the US government not be able to
access information about it? And I I
this both in sort of the direct sense of
like you are lawmakers who have a
certain set of powers, but also in the
sense that
you know, if someone has this
information,
why wouldn't they want to go into Chuck
Schumer, give it to Chuck Schumer, and
then the next day be on the front page
of the New York Times as the person who
blew the story wide wide open? This is
what keeps me skeptical, right?
>> So, the question of why isn't someone
coming forward is I think you have the
aspect of power and money.
So, we've been told that we don't have
up until recently we were told we don't
have clearances to see certain
information.
That that was housed within certain
aspects of the intelligence community,
and it was not until President Trump
gave the order that the Department of
War would actually release the footage.
Which by the way, this is other issue of
like over classification, but this goes
back into even going back all the way to
Kennedy is you have factions of the
government within the intelligence
communities that are so
compartmentalized,
so bureaucratic and entrenched that you
would think that we would be able to go
and do this, and we can't.
This goes back into why is it that the
intelligence community, the CIA, tried
so hard to prevent certain things from
coming out? I mean, even Mike Pompeo
tried to prevent the release of the
classification of the JFK files during
the first Trump administration.
>> Right.
>> And it wasn't until Ratcliffe came in,
and I had a a conversation with
Ratcliffe. He goes, "I'm not going to
cover
or try to hide the mistakes in the sins
of agencies past."
>> That was from the CIA director.
>> Rat All right. So, Ratcliffe So, he's in
charge of the CIA.
>> Yes.
>> Does he have access
>> to specifically this? What would
>> Well, to yeah, to if to the like who who
in the structure of the US government,
if you had a secret program or a set of
secret programs, and they had been
farmed out to defense contractors, let's
say, or they'd been put inside the
Department of Energy rather than the
the Defense department. Who knows,
right? Hypothetically, right?
>> You're into UAPs since you brought that
up.
>> I'm I am I am I am aware of, let's call
it, the mythology around the subject.
But who would have Who in the government
would have the capacity to figure this
out? And
>> All of the To answer your question, all
of the actual data and specifics
surrounding this were housed, from what
we have found, under the Department of
War.
So, but specifically to how contracts
work is there's pots of money that are
set up, and then different agencies have
access to those pots of money, and then
they will allocate the contracts. And
once that money goes to a contractor,
then our ability for oversight and
disclosure goes away. And that's the
problem.
>> Okay, but so you you just said what we
have what we have been able to tell.
What have you been able to tell? That
there is a set of secret programs and
you don't know what they are?
>> Well, there's unaccounted funding.
>> Okay.
>> I've heard rumors of certain programs,
but then
>> But it's all But so what you know
>> have you don't have reading clearances.
>> Okay, but so what you have concretely
you think is unaccounted money that
could be for secret weapons programs.
>> Well, we know for a fact that the US
government has secret weapons programs.
>> We do We do That is
absolutely, yeah.
>> is is are these things being given to
contractors, and is there any validity
to the statements made by witnesses that
we've had countless that have come
forward risking perjury that are saying
that there's evidence of
back-engineering programs. That's what
we're still following up on and trying
to find hard evidence of. That's an
ongoing
>> But if you have the witnesses, like if
you have David Grusch saying he can tell
you who he heard these things from, and
you can go talk to those people, right?
>> Yes.
>> And have you talked to those people?
>> question is is will the witnesses come
forward in in the event that they would
potentially be hit with espionage after
the administration is out, and that's
why we want the whistleblower
protections. We've sent letters to
different contractors.
So, and this is why the push for the
whistleblower protections so
>> But you are you are maybe not saying,
but
>> that there is a set of people that you
yourself have talked to
>> We have We have talked to
people.
>> who are unwilling to come forward under
current protections.
>> Correct.
That are afraid to. We've actually had
multiple witnesses that refuse to come
forward because they specifically said
that they did not want to lose their
clearances or they're afraid of
retribution after the fact. And in David
Grusch's case, we saw specifically that
after he testified his records were
released.
>> At the same time though, David Grusch is
on every podcast in America. He's
walking around, seems fit and healthy as
far as I can tell. The same applies to a
number of other people who have spoken
publicly and made pretty wild claims
about this. So, we have a lot of
evidence
that you can be a UAP whistleblower and
become at least a like Joe Rogan level
celebrity, not end up in jail, not be
murdered, right?
>> Well, it doesn't necessarily mean that
So, there there was weird stuff that
happened with Grusch. And you can ask
him about this, but he was coming in to
talk with us in a skiff and on his way
in someone pulled a gun on him while he
was driving down the highway.
>> I'm sorry. This just seems like a very
ineffective way to cover up a
multi-decade conspiracy theory. Sorry,
see there there a multi-decade
conspiracy, right? Like if I were
running if I were the cigarette-smoking
man from the X-Files and I was running
this conspiracy, I wouldn't have someone
randomly pulling a gun on David Grusch.
I'd have somebody, you know, slipping
him the reverse-engineered
>> Or disappearing him or
>> Well, right. Like it
>> Weird weird, you know, deaths of
scientists maybe.
I mean, I've just there's there's a lot
there, I think.
>> Right, but you have But you yourself are
sitting here having this conversation
with me, right? And implying that you've
talked to people who have more
information.
>> Yeah, we've heard a lot, but the is is
are we able to produce that as evidence?
So, I'm not going to come up and tell
you what I've heard without being able
to actually confirm it for myself.
>> Right.
Why can't the president solve this
dilemma? Surely the president has the
capacity.
>> the president did authorize the release
of the files.
>> He authorized the release of the videos.
>> president. Not the files cuz there's
testimony. The testimony and, you know,
accounts are not video evidence. So, he
authorized the files and there's a rule
out on the files that's ongoing. The
next thing that he should do and that
I've suggested is whistleblower
protections that would give basically
a period where people would not be
subject to violation of the Espionage
Act if they were able to provide
concrete evidence on these alleged
programs that exist.
>> the president has been read in to these
alleged programs?
>> on, you know, rumors that we hear and
I'm not going to also call the president
and say, "Mr. President, can you please,
you know, so I think that the the
question that we have is
>> Look, why aren't you going to call the
president? Like this
I mean with respect to everything else
we've talked to in this interview. We've
covered a lot of important subjects,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> But if you're the president who reveals
the existence of non-human intelligence
the US government has been in touch
with, that's a much bigger deal than
um
you know, debating debating rules
changes for House ethics laws and so
House ethics rules and so
>> we can argue different points on this.
I've heard all sides. People say it's
not a big deal. People say it's a very
big deal. From your perspective, it's a
big deal. Yeah.
>> it's I think it's a big deal. I think
that I I mean I I could be
underestimating it. I guess it's it's
one thing
Yes, I think that a US government
cover-up of a program that had concrete
evidence of non-human intelligence
communicating with human beings, flying
craft around, whatever else.
I think that that would be a pretty big
headline in New York Times. Yes, yes I
do. And I think that people this is a
frustration that you can tell that I'm
frustrated. This is a recurring
frustration that I have. There are a lot
of people and they are people who I
trust and take seriously on in who seem
to who are in high levels of government
who seem to take this issue seriously
ranging from yourself to Chuck Schumer
to the Vice President of the United
States who's made a lot of public
comments about this.
All of these people it seems to me
should have the collective power to
resolve this issue.
>> Except for the fact that we can go back
to the fundamentals and that there is
and there has been proof of an
over-classification and aspect of the
intelligence community that has largely
been entrenched and calling the shots
and we have personally been denied
clearances as members of Congress that
have top secret clearances access to
these different things. So my job is not
to tell you what to I'm not going to be
I don't know that I'll ever be able to
tell you that.
>> now I need you to tell me what to
believe.
>> What I don't think I'll ever be able to
roll a little green man in on a silver
platter for anyone. But what I can do is
I can present you with the evidence that
we have seen and I can also tell you
what we've been up against and what I
will tell you is on the conversations
with the president he has been very
clear about wanting transparency on this
issue and he understands that it's
important and I have had these
conversations. The reason why I'm not
going to call him and say Mr. President
have you been given access to a read-in
program on you is because at the end of
the day there's a certain aspect of do I
really want to press the president on
something that if he was comfortable
with telling me that he would tell me
directly because I feel that I have a
very good relationship with him. But
also this aspect of even if he had that
he might not be able to tell me because
we're being told that we don't have the
correct clearances. So at the end of the
day what can we do?
>> But he could But he could tell you.
>> He could tell me.
>> He's allowed to tell people.
>> he can also direct agencies to give us
full blanket access and clearance cuz
the other thing that we are coming up
with within the intelligence community
is they said, "Well, you have to go to
this division of government to get the
clearance or have to get it from House
Intelligence, et cetera." When in
actuality, he's the overarching
authority and just like he gave Director
Gabbert all the read-in authorities and
access to different things pertaining to
JFK, MLK, and RFK, he can give us
similar clearances. Right now, the White
House has been doing a good job on the
rollout and we have not been getting
pushed back.
>> If it turned out that
there was no secret program,
what would be the what would be the
explanation for that? That it was all
disinformation? Is it possible that
there has been a multi-decade
disinformation campaign to make people
believe in UFOs?
>> We've heard that theory, however, it's a
little bit hard to, I think, continuing
to parrot that theory when you have so
many people, witnesses, and now video
evidence that is saying otherwise.
>> Right. I guess you could say the video
evidence could show a phenomenon that
the government doesn't understand.
>> Correct.
>> And the whistleblowers could reflect a
inside-the-Pentagon like hazing ritual
meets disinformation operation. And
those could be separate.
>> this other aspect of I think people
don't want to talk about it cuz it
freaks them out and they don't want to
be looked at as kooky, cuz remember up
until recently, I think it's really Gen
X and beyond, if you talk about this,
you can have a conversation. But if you
talk to older people about it,
they're kind of weirded out by it.
>> Yes.
>> this aspect of how
>> People are understandably weirded out by
it because it's very weird, right?
Right. Right.
>> don't want to deal with it at all.
They'd rather just
>> Chuck Schumer. Chuck Schumer is an older
American and yet he seems very
open-minded.
>> think I I On this topic.
>> All right. So, just to end though, I I
do need you to speculate. What do you
think that What do you think that
these things are?
>> Um the one thing that we got in a
briefing from the FBI and the one thing
that the whistleblowers have said,
scientists that we've talked to is that
>> Which which scientists Wait wait wait
which which scientists have said
>> Some of the some of the scientists that
have come into SCIFs to brief us.
>> Okay.
>> Um
>> Who work for the government or
>> Had worked had worked or were
contractors. Is that these things
whatever the phenomena exists that they
don't believe that they
operate in the realm that we can
understand currently. So the term that
they use is interdimensional. Now
>> is used repeatedly
>> used repeatedly by the witnesses. Now
have I seen something pop out of a
portal?
No.
I've never personally witnessed one of
these things. Yeah, I've never
personally witnessed one of these
things. So it's been interesting in
collecting all this information and then
sorting out sort of sorting out who's
lying, who's telling the truth and like
what evidence we have that can kind of
better put together this picture.
Um what I will say is that concretely
the phenomena exists. You have too much
evidence that says otherwise
and what I'm currently focusing on right
now is whether or not we can put in
place to find out in regards to the
funding aspect and mechanism and
oversight.
>> Right.
>> We can get protections for these
whistleblowers to see if there's
validity to that. I'll be the first
person to say if we had someone that
come forward came forward and it was not
accurate, I'd say that it was not
accurate. But to date we have people
that will chicken out coming to the
hearings because they're afraid. I don't
want to say chicken, but they're very
concerned and
>> you have people who chicken out because
they're grifters and they don't want to
be put under oath? Yeah.
>> I definitely think that there have been
instances of people getting SCIF flu.
And that's always I'm like I have a
SCIF. You say you have all this
classified information. I have now
permissions and you guys aren't coming
in.
>> So those people you think are Yeah.
>> Yes, 100%. I also think that there are
people that have been that are just
straight up
nuts. Like some of them are just crazy.
But then there are the ones that are
legitimate and I think that this is such
a interesting topic that when you don't
shine the light and when you can't have
the conversation, it doesn't matter if
it's this JFK,
MLK, RFK, Epstein, whatever it is, then
you give a reason for this to be
exploited by foreign intelligence
agencies and then it can just kind of
take on a life of its own. So I'm
willing to at least have the
conversation and see what evidence we
have. So it's been an interesting
>> the evidence of a secret program and you
could you had it it couldn't be
revealed, you would find a way to reveal
it.
>> Um Eric Burlison also in my committee
hearing
um
>> This is your fellow congressman.
>> I allowed him to play a piece of footage
that
>> Okay.
>> was refusing to be released.
>> Okay. So you have ways you have ways of
achieving catastrophic disclosure.
>> Well Well,
>> It's not catastrophic disclosure.
>> We we have ways of trying to find
workarounds. Yes, on the information
that we're given. But remember we're
still operating with one hand tied
behind our back because of the fact that
you still don't have whistleblower
protections in place. You still don't
have the UAP Disclosure Act that's been
passed. You still have people working
within the chambers preventing us to be
able to do it. And the reason why we
can't fully
I think operate in the level that we
need to is because there's nothing
that's been put in writing. Like it
there's not like an executive order
that's been signed by
the president like there was on MLK,
JFK, and RFK.
>> By the end of Donald Trump's second
term,
do you think that you or anyone else
would be able to come on this podcast
and give me a definitive answer about
whether the kind of secret program wild
and crazy scenario is true?
>> I would hope. I would hope that we get
enough movement on this, but I want to
point to something specifically that
Obama said and that President Trump said
and then just that'll help kind of
answer your question.
>> Are aliens real?
Uh they're real, but I haven't seen them
in and and they're not being kept in
what is it? Area 51. Area 51.
There's no underground
facility unless there's this enormous
conspiracy and they they hid it from the
President of the United States.
>> When President Obama came out on that
podcast and said stuff about UAPs and
then President Trump responded on Air
Force One he goes, "I think he maybe
said something classified."
>> Well, he gave classified information.
He's not supposed to be doing that.
You know, the aliens are real. Well, I
don't know if they're real or not. I can
tell you he gave classified information.
He's not supposed to be doing that.
>> And then President Obama kind of
backtracked and then President Trump
confirmed what Obama basically said
saying, "I'm just going to release
this."
That shows you the internal struggle
happening right now within the entire I
think intelligence community and
government on this specific topic from
all sides.
So, we are still up against whether or
not, just like when President Biden
signed the executive order or pushed for
more release of the JFK files and not a
lot of stuff came out, just like
President Trump tried in 2016 with JFK
and not a lot of stuff came out, it's
because there's still an entrenched
perspective and bureaucracy of people
that don't want this information to be
released. And so, we have to rely on
other people essentially helping to push
the release of this information. This is
a kind of Do you believe that we should
know this or not? And I think that those
are the two perspectives that we're
facing right now in the government. But,
um, it has been a while, you know, on
Obama you have Obama, Schumer, me,
Hillary Clinton, President Trump, and
everyone in between that kind of like
talking on these issues.
>> I just want to get
Ultimately, I just want to get you and
Chuck Schumer together in a room off off
the record.
And you probably could on this topic.
All right.
Anna Paulina Luna, thanks for joining
me.
>> Mhm.